Update v0.23 README and snapshot versioning docs. (#2194)
firecracker-microvm/firecracker: README.md

isolation properties provided by hardware virtualization technology with the
speed and flexibility of containers.

> ## Supported platforms

Reviewer: I would put it before performance

> ## Supported platforms

Author: I will move it as @raduiliescu suggested and updated as per suggestion below.

> Firecracker officially supports the following CPUs for production usecases:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We continuously test Firecracker on machines with the following CPUs micro-architectures:
```

I think we should set specific expectations for what we test on, but that should be distinct from what we support (see comment below).

- Intel Skylake
- Intel Cascade Lake
- AMD Zen2

ARM aarch64 support is currently offered as dev preview.

> **Note**: While not officially supported, Firecracker *may* work on other Intel x86_64,

Reviewer 2: I don't think we're customer obsessed here.

What we support should be what our users with valid multi-tenant serverless use cases want to use Firecracker on, intersected with what's reasonable given our code base (but we should still be open to broaden that). For example, we don't continuously test on Kaby Lake, but I think it's something we would definitely support if someone would raise an issue.

I would propose a statement like this:

_Firecracker is [generally available](link to support doc) on Intel x86_64 and AMD x86_64 CPUs that offer hardware virtualization support, and that are released starting with 2015. All production use cases should follow [these production host setup instructions]._

_Firecracker is in [developer preview](link to support doc) (and not supported for production workloads) on CPUs based on Arm Cortex-A aarch64 cores that offer hardware virtualization support, and that are released starting with 2015._

_Firecracker may work on other CPUs 64-bit CPUs with support for hardware virtualization, but any such platform is currently not supported and not fit for production. If you want to run Firecracker on such platforms, please open a feature request._

typically every one or two months. A history of changes is recorded in our
[changelog](CHANGELOG.md).

> The Firecracker release policy is detailed [here](docs/RELEASE_POLICY.md).

Reviewer 2: Nit: I don't think we need a new line here.

  scenarios; applies a cgroup/namespace isolation barrier and then
  drops privileges.

## Supported platforms

> We continuously test Firecracker on machines with the following CPUs micro-architectures:

Reviewer 2: Nit: I think an in-line list would work better since each bullet point has just a few chars.

Author: done

Reviewer 3: Bullet point in here is more readable IMO in this case and easier to maintain in long run.

Comment from a user which is closely following the project and reads docs ;)

Author: Thanks @gregorybreski. The bullet points really help out with a long list of CPUs, but currently it is short. Since this was a nit from @raduweiss , I will revert probably.

- Intel Skylake
- Intel Cascade Lake
- AMD Zen2
- ARM Cortex-A aarch64

> Firecracker is [generally available](docs/RELEASE_POLICY.md) on Intel x86_64 and AMD x86_64 CPUs that offer hardware virtualization support, and that are released starting with 2015. All production use cases should follow [these production host setup instructions](docs/prod-host-setup.md).

Reviewer 2: You need to break lines at 80 chars (applies below too).

Author: fixed many.

Firecracker is in [developer preview](docs/RELEASE_POLICY.md) (and not supported for production workloads) on CPUs based on Arm Cortex-A aarch64 cores that offer hardware virtualization support, and that are released starting with 2015.

> Firecracker may work on other x86 64-bit CPUs with support for hardware virtualization, but any such platform is currently not supported and not fit for production. If you want to run Firecracker on such platforms, please [open a feature request](https://github.com/firecracker-microvm/firecracker/issues/new?assignees=&labels=&template=feature_request.md&title=%5BFeature+Request%5D+Title).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Firecracker may work on other x86 and Arm 64-bit CPUs with support for hardware virtualization, but any such platform is currently not supported and not fit for production. If you want to run Firecracker on such platforms, please [open a feature request](https://github.com/firecracker-microvm/firecracker/issues/new?assignees=&labels=&template=feature_request.md&title=%5BFeature+Request%5D+Title).
```
